[Canvas][Docs] Adds `var` and `var_set` to expression function reference (#74291)
elastic/kibana: docs/canvas/canvas-function-reference.asciidoc

|===

*Returns:* `string`

[float]
[[v_fns]]
== V

[float]
[[var_fn]]
=== `var`

> Updates kibana global context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the Kibana global context.
```

> Updates kibana global context

Reviewer: Is Kibana global context a noun? Is it supposed to be capitalized?

*Accepts:* `any`

[cols="3*^<"]
|===
|Argument |Type |Description

|_Unnamed_ ***

Alias: `name`
|`string`

> |Specify name of the variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the name of the variable.
```

|===

*Returns:* Depends on your input and arguments

[float]
[[var_set_fn]]
=== `var_set`

> Updates kibana global context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the Kibana global context.
```

*Accepts:* `any`

[cols="3*^<"]
|===
|Argument |Type |Description

|_Unnamed_ ***

Alias: `name`
|`string`

> |Specify name of the variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the name of the variable.
```

|`value`

Alias: `val`
|`any`

> |Specify value for the variable. If not provided input context will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the value for the variable. When unspecified, the input context is used.
```
